The "outfit canvas" is a special file I use to draw all the outfits and hairstyles for the Character Base.
All the animations are preset to run on loops so I can see how my accessories look in action.
You're welcome to use it in the same way I do, but some basic knowledge of Aseprite is required.
I'm not going to teach you how to use Aseprite, so you'll first need to look up another tutorial if you've never used it before.
If you want to use my outfit canvas to make your own outfits, here's what you need to do:
(I may make a video tutorial of this if there's enough interest, for now this is all you're getting :-))

Step 1: Create a new layer for your add-on.
	Make sure it's in the folder for the layer type you're making an add-on for.
		8top (goes on top of everything, a special layer)
		6tla (tools! I use this folder for layers 6tla AND 7tlb)
		5hat (hats)
		4har (hairstyles)
		3fac (masks or glasses)
		2clo (cloaks, mantles and shoulder pieces)
		1out (outfits, main body stuff)
		0bot (goes under everything, a special layer)

Step 2: Draw your add-on!
	Make sure the Base layer (char_a) is visible, and you have the new layer selected.
	Go frame to frame, drawing the outfit on top of the character.
	Again, make sure you're only drawing on the new layer you created.
	One layer will be one sprite sheet, so keep that in mind.
	I use one layer for each outfit, one layer for each hat, etc.

Step 3: Be wary of linked frames.
	Some frames are linked because they're identical.
	Select the base layer (char_a) and you will see thick white lines along the timeline. Those are linked frames.
	Your new layer won't have any linked frames, so make sure you link the same ones I linked in the Base, to save you a lot of work.
	For example, frame 7 is linked to frame 10. You just need to draw frame 7. Because they're linked, frame 10 will automatically be completed.
		Side note: You can't link a frame until you draw something in it, so you need to draw 7 first, then link it to 10.

Step 4: Test your animations.
	Select one of the black-tagged frames in the animation you want to watch (i.e. walk, run, jump, etc)
		Black-tagged means you can't start the animation in a pink frame.
		The pink frames with an asterix (frames 6, 10, 17, 18, etc) are redundant frames added only to make the animations took good during testing.
		Looping animations will run within the lowest tag, so if you start an animation in a pink frame you won't see the whole animation.
	Once you have a black-tagged frame selected, press Enter to run the animation loop.
	Does it look good? No? Then press Enter to stop the animation, go back to the frames that don't look good, and keep working on it.
	When all your animations look good, you're ready for export!

Step 5: Prep your outfit for sprite sheet exporting.
	1) SAVE YOUR FILE!
	2) "SAVE AS" YOUR FILE UNDER A DIFFERENT NAME! I like to addend "for export".
		This is important because you're going to butcher this file to export it, and then delete it afterward.
	3) Go through and delete all the pink frames.
		As I mentioned earlier, the pink-tagged frames are redundant, they won't be on the sprite sheet. Delete them all.
	4) Hide all layers except the one you want on the sprite sheet.
		You should only see your new outfit, hat, whatever, not the Base, not anything else.

Step 6: Export page 1.
	Each page is 16 frames long, so page 1 is the first 16 frames, delete ALL the other ones.
	You should be left with only frames 1 through 16:
		The untagged frame 1, push (2 frames), pull (2 frames), jump (3 frames), walk (6 frames), and run (2 frames).
	Go up to File > Export Sprite Sheet (Ctrl+E)
	In the little sprite sheet export window that pops up, make sure you set it up properly:
		Sheet Type: By Rows
		Constraints: Fixed # of Columns, 8
		Merge Duplicates & Ignore Empty: Unselected, NO checkbox
		Open Sprite Sheet & Preview: Selected, YES checkbox
	Then press "Export" and you've got a new sprite sheet for page 1! 
	This sheet should be 512 by 512 and line up perfectly with the Base page 1.
	If it doesn't then you screwed up, go back to Step 5 and try again.
	Give the page a proper name. Let's say it's a tophat. Call it "char_a_p1_5hat_tpht_v01.png"

Step 7: Export page 1B and 1C.
	First, Ctrl+Z until before you deleted all the unecessary frames for Step 6.
	Step 7 is similar to Step 6, but you're going to start by deleting the first 16 frames.
	That was page 1, you're done with it, and don't need it anymore.
	Then deleted all the frames after the blue-tagged ones.
	The blue-tagged frames are the alt page 1s. Page 1B and page 1C.
	But you'll notice that you now have 17 frames, instead of 16 like before.
	That's because you have both B and C at the front.
	Page 1B and page 1C are identical but for the one standing frame at the beginning.
	So to create page 1B from here, delete the one tagged "C", leaving you with the appropriate 16 frames, and export (same as in step 6)!
	Then Ctrl+Z again, and this time delete the frame tagged "B", again leaving you with 16 frames. Export!
	You've now completed Pages 1B and 1C.

Step 8: Export page 2 (farming).
	This one is easy.
	As with Step 7, "Undo" until you have all your frames back like at the start of Step 6.
	Page 2 is all the farming animations, the ones tagged till+, seed, water, and reap.
	Delete all but those 16 frames, and export!

Step 9: Export page 3 (fishing).
	This one is a bit more complex in the final step, but only because you need to move sprites around AFTER you export it.
	Isolate the fishing frames (the 16 tagged "fish") by deleting all the others.
	Export is as usual. But this time, the exported sprite sheet will only be 512x256, rather than 512x512.
	What you need to do is open up the image "animations, page 3 (fishing only).png" to see how they should be arrayed.
		Open this file in Aseprite.
		Create a new layer on top.
		Copy > paste YOUR exported page 3 into this new layer.
		Use the selection/move tool to move the frames where they need to go (FOLLOW THE RED ARROWS).
		Pro-tip:
			If you double click with the marquee tool in Aseprite, you'll select a full grid tile (16x16 by default I believe).
			Use this to select the sprites' 4x4 grid tiles with consistency.
			While moving the selection, hold ALT to snap that selection to the grid.
			This makes it easy to slide the sprites into their appropriate place.
	I admit this step is a hassle, but we're kinda stuck with it.

Step 10: Export page 10 (misc).
	At least the last one is easy!
	As with Step 7 through 9, "Undo" until you have all your frames back like at the start of Step 6.
	Delete all the frames except the final 16 (I hope you didn't delete the purple ones, those are intentionally blank).
	Export, and you're done!